Through Isaiah,
Jehovah promised to feed his servants
physically
and spiritually.
Today, Jehovah invites us to a banquet
that is spiritually nourishing.
Bible-based videos and publications
draw us close to God
and satisfy our hunger for truth.
In the new world,
abundant, healthy food will be more
than a promise
—it will be a reality.
“There will be an abundance
of grain on the earth;
on the top of the mountains
it will overflow.”
Do you long for a home of your own?
Jehovah promised the returning exiles
that they would build
and enjoy comfortable dwellings.
Jehovah likewise cares for us,
whether we lose our home
or we’re taken from it.
Above all,
true worship provides spiritual security
that is found nowhere else.
The spiritual home we have now
reminds us that Jehovah will give us
a physical place to call home
in the new world.
“They will build houses and live in them.”
How would you feel during a long journey
where you might meet
wild animals and criminals along the road?
Jehovah assured the returning exiles
that they would return
in safety and dwell in peace.
In the spiritual paradise we enjoy right now,
people who were once violent
have learned to be humble,
loving, and peaceable.
Imagine the peace
that will reign in God’s new world,
where we can wander this beautiful globe,
explore every corner,
and admire the handiwork of the true God
with no fear.
“‘They will do no harm nor cause any ruin
in all my holy mountain,’ says Jehovah.”
Clear instruction from Jehovah
draws us close to him
and maintains spiritual health.
While false teachings hold many
in the grip of spiritual darkness,
Jehovah offers true freedom.
The spiritual health we enjoy now
reminds us
that perfect physical and mental health
await us in Paradise.
Imagine waking every day
feeling clean,
healthy,
happy,
and full of the joy of life.
Jehovah promises:
“No resident will say: ‘I am sick.’”
Jehovah fulfilled his word to the exiles.
He restored that ruined nation
as if bringing it back to life.
In 1919,
Jehovah did something similar.
He released his modern-day people
from spiritual captivity
and energized them to preach.
Just as Jehovah raised his people
from figurative death,
so will he reverse
the effects of literal death.
Indeed, God “will swallow up death forever.”
Imagine living longer than any tree
because “death will be no more.”